onreview

Welcome to your new onreview project and to the Internet Computer development community! This project aims to decentralize the review system, providing customers with accurate and trustworthy results. Unlike traditional systems where many reviews are influenced by companies to promote their products (often leading to fake reviews), onreview offers a fully decentralized review platform, ensuring transparency and authenticity in the review process.

To get started, explore the project directory structure and review the default configuration files. Working within this project in your development environment will not affect any production deployment or identity tokens.

Documentation and Resources

Learn more about developing with onreview and Internet Computer:

Quick Start Guide

SDK Developer Tools

Motoko Programming Language Guide

Motoko Language Quick Reference

Quick Commands

Start working on your project with these basic commands:

cd onreview/
dfx help
dfx canister --help

Running the Project Locally

To test your project locally, follow these steps:

Start the replica:

dfx start --background

Deploy your canisters to the local replica:

dfx deploy

Once deployed, your application will be accessible at:

http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}

Updating the Backend Canister

If you make changes to your backend canister, regenerate the Candid interface with:

npm run generate

This ensures compatibility and is recommended before starting frontend development. The interface will also be regenerated automatically when you run dfx deploy.

Running the Frontend

For frontend development, start the development server with:

npm start

This starts a server at:

http://localhost:8080

Frontend API requests will be proxied to the replica running at port 4943.

Frontend Environment Variables

When hosting your frontend code without DFX, ensure that your project does not fetch the root key in production by doing one of the following:

Set DFX_NETWORK to ic if you are using Webpack.

Use a preferred method to replace process.env.DFX_NETWORK in the autogenerated declarations.

Modify dfx.json by setting:

"canisters": {
  "{asset_canister_id}": {
    "declarations": {
      "env_override": "your_value_here"
    }
  }
}

Write a custom createActor constructor.

